<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="diploma-name">
  <title>appearence of name on diploma</title>
  <shortdesc>nc state university allows all students the option to select a “diploma name” in mypack portal to be printed on their official diploma or certificate received after graduation.</shortdesc>
  <conbody>
    <section>
      <title>options for displayed name on diploma</title>
      <p>
         available diploma name options include:
      </p>
        <ul>
          <li>either first name or initial</li>
          <li>shortened or alternate form for the first name</li>
          <li>preferred first name</li>
          <li>exclusion of the legal first name when the middle name is used as a primary name</li>
          <li>exclusion or initial of middle name</li>
          <li>inclusion of former or maiden name</li>
          <li>inclusion of proper capitalization and accentuation of name</li>
          <li>inclusion of maternal surnames as culturally appropriate</li>
        </ul>
      <note>without a change request, the student name listed on a diploma or certificate will match the primary or legal name on file.</note>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>additional notes regarding name on diploma</title>
      <p>
        neither titles nor degrees previously earned will be included as part of a graduate's name on a diploma.
      </p>
      <p>
        if electing to use a preferred name on your diploma, this information should match the preferred name listed in mypack portal.
      </p>
      <p>
        if you decide to change your diploma name back to your primary name after graduation, please note that you will be required to request and pay for a replacement diploma. primary name changes are only permitted in cases of legal name changes.
      </p>
      <p>
        all requested changes will be reviewed for input accuracy and to ensure appropriateness of the requested change. nc state university reserves the right to reject a diploma name that is used inappropriately or in an attempt to avoid legal obligation, misrepresent the individual, harass, threaten or are otherwise objectionable.
      </p>
    </section>
  </conbody>
</concept>