<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="task-restrict-directory-info">
 <title> </title>
    <shortdesc> This procedure is meant to help a user restrict access the university has to your directory information </shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <prereq> You will need access to the internet, MyPack Portal access, and a phone for duo-autherntication if accessing from a laptop or computer.</prereq>
        <context>
             <p>Under the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA), students have the right to restrict all or part of their directory information, including their email, enrollment status (full or part-time), major, field of study, and more. </p>
             <p>If you wish to restrict this information, then you may do so in MyPack Portal </p>
        </context>
        <steps id= "steps-restrict-directory-info ">
            <step>
                <cmd> Log into MyPack Portal. </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd> Select your "Student Homepage". </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd> Select the "Personal Information" tile. </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd> From the left-hand navigation menu, select "Privacy Restrictions". </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd> Select "Restrict" under the directory field you would like to restrcit access to,<span aid:cstyle="Bold">OR</span> select "Clear" if you wish to release the restriction for that field. </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd> If you choose a Full Privacy block, you can grant exceptions for certain publications by clicking the Full Block field, checking the "Restricted" box, and selecting the Exceptions you would like to grant. </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd> Be sure to click the green "Save" button to save your changes. </cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>  
</task>