<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="task_SI_PIP_CPS">
  <title> Change Personal Information Privacy Settings </title>
  <shortdesc> This tutorial will help you to change the privacy settings for your personal information. As a part of thee Family Education Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) you have the right to restrict part or all of your director information </shortdesc>
  <taskbody>
    <prereq> You must Log in to the MyPack portal using your NC State Unity Credentials. Dual authentication may be required. </prereq>
    <steps id="steps_SI_PIP_CPS">
      <step> 
        <cmd>Select your Student Homepage</cmd>
      </step>
      <step> 
        <cmd>Select the "Personal Information tile"</cmd>
      </step>
      <step> 
        <cmd> From the left-hand navigation menu, select "Privacy Restrictions"</cmd>
      </step>
      <step> 
        <cmd> Restrict fields, or clear restrictions </cmd>
        <substeps id="substeps_SI_PI_CPS_RES">     
          <substep>
            <cmd> Select restrict under the directory field you would like to restrict access to. </cmd>
          </substep>
          <substep> 
            <cmd> Select clear if you wish to release the restriction for that field. </cmd>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
      <step> 
        <cmd>If you want to create a full privacy block, Select that field and check restricted. </cmd> 
        <info>
          <p>Select a “full privacy” block to prevent us from sharing your information with anyone, including employers. A full privacy block also prevents your inclusion in graduation and Dean’s List publications. </p>
          </info>
        <substeps id="substeps_SI_PI_CPS_FPB">
          <substep> 
            <cmd> Select any exceptions you would like to grant. </cmd>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
      <step> 
        <cmd> Click the green "Save" button to save your changes. </cmd>
      </step>    
    </steps>   
  </taskbody>
</task>