<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="diploma_name_options">
    <title>Selecting a Diploma Name at NC State University</title>
    <shortdesc>Understand the options for choosing a Diploma Name at NC State University, which appears on diplomas and official commencement materials.</shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <p>NC State University provides students the flexibility to choose a Diploma Name that differs from their legal name. This name appears on the official diploma and in commencement materials, reflecting a student's identity as they prefer it to be recognized.</p>
        <section>
            <title>Options for Diploma Names</title>
            <p>The Diploma Name can include various personalization options to suit different preferences and cultural practices:</p>
            <ul>
                <li>Use of first name, initial, or a preferred version (e.g., Mike instead of Michael).</li>
                <li>Exclusion of the legal first name when using a middle name as the primary name.</li>
                <li>Adjustments to the middle name, such as using an initial or excluding it entirely.</li>
                <li>Inclusion of former or maiden names and culturally specific surnames.</li>
                <li>Application of proper capitalization and accent marks.</li>
            </ul>
        </section>
        <section>
            <title>Considerations for Diploma Names</title>
            <p>When choosing a Diploma Name, consider the following:</p>
            <ul>
                <li>Diploma names must be reviewed for appropriateness; inappropriate uses may be rejected.</li>
                <li>For degree verification, third parties may encounter difficulties if there is a mismatch between the preferred and legal names.</li>
                <li>International students and those entering professional fields should consider the implications of name discrepancies on legal and professional documents.</li>
            </ul>
        </section>
        <section>
            <title>Impact on Official Records</title>
            <p>Once selected, changing the Diploma Name post-graduation may require ordering and paying for a replacement diploma. Such changes are subject to deadlines and university policies.</p>
        </section>
    </conbody>
</concept>