<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="Prounouns_and_Gender_Identity"></concept>

<title>Prounouns and Gender Identity </title>
<shortdesc>All are welcome at NC State. Students have the option to  to self-select their personal pronouns and gender identity in MyPack Portal. If a student select to use a pronoun it will be visable administratively via class rosters, grade rosters and within the advising center. </shortdesc>

<conbody>
  <!-- Visability-->
  <section>
    <title>How are prounouns visable?</title>
    <p>If a student decides to select pronouns, this information will be visible administratively via class rosters, grade rosters and within the advising center.</p>

    <p>Parents or guardians granted access through MyPack Portal, as well as peer students, should not be able to view this information via their individual system access.
    </p>
    <p>Personal pronouns and gender identity may potentially be shared with authorized university officials, but are not considered directory information and will not be released to unauthorized third-party contacts.</p>

  </section>
  <!-- FAQ-->
<section>
    <title>Frequently Asked Questions</title>
    <ul>
        <li>How do I set my pronouns and/or gender identity? Students can update their pronouns and/or gender identity in MyPack Portal.</li>
        <li>What are the guidelines for self-entered pronouns and/or gender identity? Generally, you can set self-entered pronouns and/or gender identity as desired, but the University reserves the right to delete a self-entered pronoun and/or gender identity if it is used in an attempt to harass or threaten, or is otherwise objectionable.</li>
        <li>Do I have to provide and set pronouns and/or gender identity? No. Both of these fields are entirely optional.</li>
        <li>Can I delete or change my pronouns and/or gender identity after saving? Yes. If you have designated pronouns and/or gender identity and wish to update or remove this information, you can do so in MyPack Portal.</li>
    </ul>
    <Note>Where will this information be displayed? Pronouns will be available administratively via class rosters, grade rosters, the advising center, and other areas of MyPack Portal for faculty and staff viewing. Information on pronouns and/or gender identity may be shared with authorized university officials, but will not be released to unauthorized or third-party contacts. Parents or guardians granted access through MyPack Portal, as well as peer students, should not be able to view this information via their individual system access.
    </Note>
  </section>
</conbody>

</concept>
